README.md, before:

# stomp

Go language implementation of a STOMP client library.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/go-stomp/stomp.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/go-stomp/stomp)

Features:

* Supports STOMP Specifications Versions 1.0, 1.1, 1.2 (https://stomp.github.io/)
* Protocol negotiation to select the latest mutually supported protocol
* Heart beating for testing the underlying network connection
* Tested against RabbitMQ v3.0.1

## Usage Instructions

```
go get github.com/go-stomp/stomp
```

For API documentation, see http://godoc.org/github.com/go-stomp/stomp

## Previous Version

An earlier version of this package made use of Gustavo Niemeyer's gopkg.in facility
for versioning Go libraries. This earlier version of the library is still available:

```
go get gopkg.in/stomp.v1
```

API documentation for this earlier version can be found at http://gopkg.in/stomp.v1

Breaking changes between this previous version and the current version are 
documented in [breaking_changes.md](breaking_changes.md).



## License
Copyright 2012 - Present The go-stomp authors

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

docs: add deprecation notice for v2

README.md, after:

# Latest version is V3

*V2 is no longer supported*

Migrate by updating your imports from `github.com/go-stomp/stomp` to `github.com/go-stomp/stomp/v3`

[V3 Docs](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-stomp/stomp/v3)

---

# stomp

Go language implementation of a STOMP client library.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/go-stomp/stomp.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/go-stomp/stomp)

Features:

* Supports STOMP Specifications Versions 1.0, 1.1, 1.2 (https://stomp.github.io/)
* Protocol negotiation to select the latest mutually supported protocol
* Heart beating for testing the underlying network connection
* Tested against RabbitMQ v3.0.1

## Usage Instructions

```
go get github.com/go-stomp/stomp
```

For API documentation, see http://godoc.org/github.com/go-stomp/stomp

## Previous Version

An earlier version of this package made use of Gustavo Niemeyer's gopkg.in facility
for versioning Go libraries. This earlier version of the library is still available:

```
go get gopkg.in/stomp.v1
```

API documentation for this earlier version can be found at http://gopkg.in/stomp.v1

Breaking changes between this previous version and the current version are 
documented in [breaking_changes.md](breaking_changes.md).



## License
Copyright 2012 - Present The go-stomp authors

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
